Documentation update for v2.7.x (#876)
smart-data-lake/smart-data-lake: docs/reference/dataQuality.md

- **Expectations** on dataset level to stop or warn on unplausible data

## Metrics
Every SDLB job collects metrics for each Action and DataObject written. They are logged with the following log statements:

`2020-07-21 11:36:34 INFO  CopyAction:105 - (Action~a) finished writing to DataObject~tgt1: job_duration=PT0.906S count=1 records_written=1 bytes_written=1142 num_tasks=1 stage=save`

> `job_duration` is always recorded. For DataFrame based Actions number of records written are recorded as `count`, and number of records read as `count#<dataObjectId>`. Further metrics are recorded depending on the DataObject type, e.g. `rows_inserted/updated/deleted` for merge statements. And its possible to record custom metrics, see chapter "Expectations" below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`job_duration` is always recorded. For DataFrame based Actions, the number of records written is recorded as `count`, and the number of records read as `count#<dataObjectId>`. Further metrics are recorded depending on the DataObject type, e.g. `rows_inserted/updated/deleted` for merge statements. And it's possible to record custom metrics, see chapter "Expectations" below.
```

}
```

## Expectations on DataObjects
Expectations can be defined on DataObjects (and Actions, see below) to monitor and validate a dataset after it has been written to the DataObject. An expectation collects a custom metric and compares its result against a given expectation condition. If the condition fails a warning can be logged or an error created which stops further processing. 

Using the `type = SQLExpectation`, a simple aggregation SQL expression is evaluated over the dataset. Further, an arbitrary SQL expression can be configured as expectation condition, which is compared against the metric value. If no expectation condition is given, the custom metric value is just logged in the `finished writing to DataObject~xyz:...` log message, see example in [Metrics](#metrics) section.

> SDLB supports other expectation types, see [Schema Viewer](http://smartdatalake.ch/json-schema-viewer/index.html) for a list. A special type is the UniqueKeyExpectations, which can be used to validate primary keys, or just report it's uniqueness as metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDLB supports other expectation types, see [Schema Viewer](http://smartdatalake.ch/json-schema-viewer/index.html) for a list. A special type is the UniqueKeyExpectation, which can be used to validate primary keys, or just report its uniqueness as metric.
```

    }]
}
```

## Expectations on Actions

> Its also possible to define certain expectations on the Action. They are used to measure and validate metrics about the transformation process, e.g. transfer rate (output/input count) and completness (total output count/total input count).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to define certain expectations on the Action. They are used to measure and validate metrics about the transformation process, e.g. transfer rate (output/input count) and completeness (total output count/total input count).
```

```
dataObjects {
  testAction {
    ...
    expectations = [{

>       type = CompletnessExpectation

Reviewer: I see there's also a typo in the class itself. Will create a separate issue for that.

Reviewer: @zzeekk See #880
